Add API links as tips (#1161)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/clients/pages/python.adoc

= Python Client
:page-api-reference: https://hazelcast.readthedocs.io/en/v{page-latest-supported-python-client}/index.html

> TIP: For latest Python API documentation, see https://hazelcast.readthedocs.io/en/v{page-latest-supported-python-client}/index.html[Hazelcast Python Client docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: For the latest Python API documentation, refer to the https://hazelcast.readthedocs.io/en/v{page-latest-supported-python-client}/index.html[Hazelcast Python Client, window=_blank] documentation.
```
